1.what is the default value of arrys for different data types?
->In Java, the default value of an integer array is 0, and the default value of an array of objects is null.


2.can you pass the negative number in array size?
In most programming languages, it is not possible to pass a negative number as the size of an array. 
Attempting to do so will typically result in a runtime error or an exception being thrown.
This is because the size of an array represents the number of elements that can be stored in 
the array, and it doesn't make sense to have a negative number of elements.


3.where does array stored in JVM memory?
In Java, when an array is created, it is stored in the Java Virtual Machine (JVM) memory in the heap area.
The heap is a region of memory used for dynamic memory allocation. When an array is created using the "new" keyword 
in Java, the JVM allocates memory for the array on the heap. The size of the memory allocated depends on 
the type and size of the elements in the array and the number of elements.


4.what is the disadvange of array?
Fixed size: Arrays have a fixed size, which means that once they are created, their size cannot be changed. This can be a disadvantage if you need to add or remove elements from the array at runtime.

Wasted memory: Arrays can waste memory if they are not fully utilized. If you create an array with a large size but only use a small portion of it, the rest of the memory allocated for the array goes unused.

Sequential access: Accessing elements in an array requires sequential access, which means that to access an element at a specific index, you need to iterate over all the previous elements. This can be inefficient if you need to access elements randomly or in a specific order.

Homogeneous elements: Arrays can only store elements of the same data type. If you need to store elements of different data types, you will need to use a different data structure, such as a list or a map.

5.what is an Anonymous array in java? Give an Examples?
An anonymous array in Java is an array that is created without assigning it to a variable. It is created as part of a method call or as an argument to a method. Anonymous arrays are useful when you need to create and pass an array as an argument to a method without explicitly creating a variable to hold the array.
public class Example {
    public static void printArray(int[] arr) {
        for (int i : arr) {
            System.out.print(i + " ");
        }
        System.out.println();
    }

    public static void main(String[] args) {
        printArray(new int[] {1, 2, 3, 4, 5}); // creating an anonymous array
    }
}


6.what are the different way to travers an Array in java?
Using a for loop: You can use a for loop to iterate over each element of the array by specifying the starting and ending index.
Using an enhanced for loop: Java provides an enhanced for loop, also known as a "foreach" loop, that makes it easy to iterate over each element of an array without needing to keep track of the index.
Using a while loop: You can use a while loop to iterate over the array as long as there are elements left to process.


7.what is the difference between length and length() method Give  an Example?
In Java, length and length() are used to get the length of different types of data structures. The difference between them is as follows:

length: This is an attribute that is used to get the length of an array. It is a final variable that contains the number of elements in the array. It is used with arrays only.

length(): This is a method that is used to get the length of a string. It returns the number of characters in the string. It is used with strings only.
