1] What is a programming language? 
A programming language is a computer language used by programmers (developers) to communicate with computers. 
It is a set of instructions written in any specific language (C, C++, Java, Python) to perform a particular task.


2] why do we need a programming language?
The programing language enables us to write efficient programs and develop online solutions such as mobile applications, 
web applications, games, etc. Programming is used to automate, maintain, assemble, measure, and interpret the processing of data and information.



3] what are the features of java?
->Object Oriented
  In Java, everything is an Object. Java can be easily extended since it is based on the Object model.
->Platform Independent
Unlike many other programming languages including C and C++, when Java is compiled, it is not compiled into platform-specific machines, but rather into platform-independent byte code. This byte code is distributed over the web and interpreted by the Virtual Machine (JVM) on whichever platform it is being run on.
->Simple
Java is designed to be easy to learn. If you understand the basic concept of OOP Java, it would be easy to master.
->Secure
With Java's secure feature, it enables to development of virus-free, tamper-free systems. Authentication techniques are based on public-key encryption.
->Architecture-neutral
Java compiler generates an architecture-neutral object file format, which makes the compiled code executable on many processors, with the presence of Java runtime system.
->Portable
Being architecture-neutral and having no implementation-dependent aspects of the specification makes Java portable. The compiler in Java is written in ANSI C with a clean portability boundary, which is a POSIX subset.



4] what is an object?
An entity that has a state and behavior is known as an object


5]what is the class?
 a class is a basic building block. It can be defined as a template that describes the data and behavior associated with class instantiation.
 
 
6] Explain about the main() method in java?
The main () is the starting point for JVM to start the execution of a Java program. Without the main () method, JVM
will not execute the program. The syntax of the main () method is: public: It is an access specifier. We should
use a public keyword before the main () method so that JVM can identify the execution point of the program.
